README.md, before:

# Capistrano::npm

npm support for Capistrano 3.x

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'capistrano', '~> 3.1.0'
gem 'capistrano-npm'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install capistrano-npm

## Usage

Require in `Capfile` to use the default task:

```ruby
require 'capistrano/npm'
```

The task will run before `deploy:updated` as part of Capistrano's default deploy,
or can be run in isolation with `cap production npm:install`

Configurable options:

```ruby
set :npm_target_path, -> { release_path.join('subdir') } # default not set
set :npm_flags, '--production --silent --no-progress'    # default
set :npm_roles, :all                                     # default
set :npm_env_variables, {}                               # default
```

### Dependencies

npm allows for normal `dependencies` and `devDependencies`. By default this gem uses `'--production --silent --no-progress'` as the install flags which will **only** install `dependencies` and skip `devDependencies`. If you want your `devDependencies` installed as well, then remove `--production`.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Basic changes to use yarn instead of npm

README.md, after:

# Capistrano::yarn

[yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) support for Capistrano 3.x. This repo is a fork of the [capistrano npm package](https://github.com/capistrano/npm) since it is so similar.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'capistrano', '~> 3.1.0'
gem 'capistrano-yarn'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install capistrano-yarn

## Usage

Require in `Capfile` to use the default task:

```ruby
require 'capistrano/yarn'
```

The task will run before `deploy:updated` as part of Capistrano's default deploy,
or can be run in isolation with `cap production yarn:install`

Configurable options:

```ruby
set :yarn_target_path, -> { release_path.join('subdir') } # default not set
set :yarn_flags, '--production'                           # default
set :yarn_roles, :all                                     # default
set :yarn_env_variables, {}                               # default
```

### Dependencies

yarn allows for normal `dependencies` and `devDependencies`. By default this gem uses `'--production'` as the install flags which will **only** install `dependencies` and skip `devDependencies`. If you want your `devDependencies` installed as well, then remove `--production`.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
